# T15 Retrospective for Sprint 1

Area | What we did well | What we need to work on | What we will change
:--- | :------- | :--------- | :---------------------
**Teamwork** | We get along very well and have good communication in our meetings. Helped each other with technical/setup issues. | We need to communicate more often. | We set up a Discord channel to be able to communicate whenever we can reach a computer. |
**Process** | We are very good at using issues and merging branches correctly on github. | Probably not so many issues. We created some over trivial items that didn't need it. | More effective use of issues on github. Ex: Not making an issue for each method, but instead an issue for each problem or request.
**Tools** | We all can use git/github effeciently. We can quickly learn the various tools needed. | We had bad environments setup due to having windows set up instead of linux. | Every group member is creating a linux environment.
